I'm very curious about something that
you tweeted yesterday and so this is a
this is a screen grab from Twitter you
are I'm not sorry fu 10 year hashtag 10
years ago so you took a picture of this
newer poster do you have this in your
house he came across no I found this cuz
I never really keep track of the years
that I've gone by since something like
this since I guess it was apparently 10
years ago and I think a lot of things
have changed and I think the
conversation has changed a lot and I
think you know something that I that I
really thought about was you know sure
some people thought that I did something
wrong in their eyes but I think it was
really wrong of someone to put on top of
someone that this is my shame and that I
should be ashamed of my not so New York
but that's not a nice thing to tell
someone that they should be ashamed of
them no yeah but that's i donald forgive
you at that time did you apologize for
doing that I don't remember I think I
did but I'm sure someone told me no but
you know what that's why I don't do what
people tell me to anymore so they want
to know why come on you know TV shows
with no shirt on blame them do you
remember who told you to apologize do
you have any recollection of that I
think at that time I just wanted this to
go away
and I think I also was trying to balance
and understand what being a role model
is and to me I think being a role model
has been my free spiritedness and
sometimes my unapologetic attitude for
decisions that I feel comfortable with
and in a day it's like anything else for
me when this photo was taken and I know
this will probably get turned around too
but when this photos was taken my little
sister was here on set she actually was
sitting with Annie Leibovitz taking
photos too and there was nothing
sexualized about this on set and it was
everyone else's poisonous thoughts and
minds that end up turning this into
something that it wasn't meant to be so
actually I shouldn't be ashamed they
should be do you think about
you go back and think about now that
you've become hugely successful you can
do pretty much anything you want
do you still dwell on those things that
you you wish you'd either done
differently or you title who wronged you
do you even think about yesterday
because it's such a waste of time and
today and tomorrow are way more exciting
because I you know I can I can do
something today and actually tomorrow I
wouldn't worry too much about either
okay but this was in your head
yeah or on my feet it popped up on my
little Instagram and I thought hey
telling them to go themselves sounds fun
I was born if you like that video then
put a ring on it click the subscribe
button below
Oh